Documentation Standard Updates (#24)
fivetran/dbt_twitter: README.md

</p>

# Twitter Ads Transformation dbt Package ([Docs](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_twitter/))
## What does this dbt package do?
- Produces modeled tables that leverage Twitter Ads data from [Fivetran's connector](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/twitter-ads) in the format described by [this ERD](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/twitter-ads#schemainformation) and builds off the output of our [Twitter Ads source package](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_twitter_source).
- Enables you to better understand the performance of your ads across varying grains:
- Providing an account, campaign, line item (ad group), keyword, promoted tweet, and utm/url level reports.
- Materializes output models designed to work simultaneously with our [multi-platform Ad Reporting package](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_ad_reporting).
- Generates a comprehensive data dictionary of your source and modeled Twitter Ads data through the [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_twitter/).

> The following table provides a detailed list of all models materialized within this package by default.
> > TIP: See more details about these models in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_twitter/#!/overview?g_v=1&g_e=seeds).
> 
> | **Model**                | **Description**                                                                                                                                |

Author: ```suggestion
<!--section=“twitter_transformation_model"-->

The following table provides a detailed list of all tables materialized within this package by default.
> TIP: See more details about these tables in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_twitter/#!/overview?g_v=1&g_e=seeds).

| **Table**                | **Description**                                                                                                                                |
```

| [twitter_ads__promoted_tweet_report](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_twitter/#!/model/model.twitter.twitter_ads__pin_promotion_report)            | Each record in this table represents the daily performance of ads at the account, campaign, line item, promoted tweet, and ad-placement level. |
| [twitter_ads__url_report](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_twitter/#!/model/model.twitter.twitter_ads__url_report)            |Each record in this table represents the daily performance of ads at the account, campaign, line item, promoted tweet, url, and ad-placement level. |                                                     |

> ## How do I use the dbt package?

Author: ```suggestion
<!--section-end-->

## How do I use the dbt package?
```
